It takes all kinds
Long slow start to this story, but I wanted it to be real characters finding a real shared passion. Skip to part 3 if you just want hard core.

I love to write, I love latex, and I love women. Thanks to @gasmask995 and Dominique for the great pictures and the prod to write again.

This story will continue.

==========================
Part 1, a new buddy.

She met him through the local dive shop board. A previous boyfriend had talked her into the scuba lessons a few years ago, and since she was between beneficial friends she had decided to improve her health. Which led to swimming at the Y... which led to seeing the excited and happy people in the scuba classes... which led to the refresher class at the local shop... and now she needed a buddy.

Even though she was in her late 20s now, it still felt like a first date. He seemed quite nice over coffee, and her bff judged him "probably" not a serial killer. Kind of average good looks, maybe 30-32, kind of interesting hobbies, and weirdly quiet yet intense about why he loved diving so much. The facts that he lived near the ocean, had a pool and spa in his backyard, and paid for all the coffee without being asked were good signs. People who had dived with him before spoke of him as very careful and competent as a diver, attentive as a buddy, and otherwise rather boring.

He said he had some "extra gear" but she would need to bring her own wetsuit. Not a problem since the ex-boyfriend liked to show off his money, resulting in a custom fit smoothskin wetsuit among her lovely parting gifts.

She flashed back on how impressed she had been with his money and his generosity. It had taken her longer than it should have to realize how she was really just another flashy accessory to display on his arm. She really owed him for teaching her how important the depth of a relationship should be. Depth... she chuckled quietly at her own pun.

The night before heading out, she tried the suit on. It actually fit quite well. She looked into the full-length mirror. Not bad from the front. As she turned to see the profile she could see where her workouts had been doing their magic. Not bad at all.

Another parting gift had been several pairs of CFM heels. The suit was very form-fitting, and those heels would make her legs look better and her butt should be amazing.

She put a pair of 4" black stilettos, and looked again. The smooth black rubber was like a magic second skin. She looked naked in shape and perfectly smooth. The heels shaped her calves, made her butt look a little more perky, and changed the look from sporty to sexy like those smooth shiny leggings. She suddenly felt a little kinky, and a warm tension was creeping through her body. In for a penny and all that, so she tucked her hair back and pulled up the hood. Suddenly she saw herself as one of those fetish rubber models in the edgiest of fashion shoots... and she looked GOOD.

Her hands wandered to her most sensitive parts, almost of their own volition. The feeling through the suit was muted, exciting and frustrating in equal measures. Suddenly she realized what she was doing and stopped. Silly girl, suddenly thinking she was all sexy and hot.

The suit went into the bag, along with the bathing suit for underneath, a towel, and some overnight essentials in case she didn't want to make the drive back. Diving could be tiring.

=============================
Part 2, going down

He was definitely INTO the equipment side of things. He started setting up a wing style BCD for her. He had a few full-face mask rigs hanging in his gear locker. She asked about them but he said she "had to work her way up to them." When she replied "I am up for anything." he paused, looked at her intently, and went back to setting up the gear.

Since they were so close to the beach, he suggested she change into her suit where she had some privacy and a clean floor. The small gear locker had hooks on the walls and a very heavy duty bar across the back for hanging things to dry. There was also a small bench.

She closed the curtain and got ready. Putting on the wetsuit, she smoothed it up her long legs. She was going to leave it down around her waist, but decided a little teasing would be fun. She worked the suit over her arms and stretched it slightly to close the zipper over her... torso. Then she pulled the hood over her head.

She walked out and pirouetted in front of him. "How do I look?"

"Um... really good."

He blushed slightly and she wondered what he would have said if she had been wearing the heels.

She put on the BC so he could adjust the straps for her. Comfortable, but when the weight of the tank on the harness pulled her shoulders back, it really made her boobs stand out. The feelings of the night before rushed back, and it took all she had not to start touching herself again.

At the beach, they unloaded the gear. The sun warmed the wetsuit and the smell of rubber surrounded her. She had never really noticed the sweet scent.

They walked down the beach, then hand in hand they waded out through the surf. Strictly according to the safety training on beach entries, but it felt more like a physical connection. The the coolness of the water, the shafts of golden light, and a rather fit man swimming closely to her. It was becoming a very sensual experience.

The dives could not have been better. Earlier ones with the ex had been a bit nerve wracking. She had been aware of every safety detail, somehow knowing if things went wrong she would have to take care of herself.

This time she felt good, and once geared up and in his environment, her new buddy was a bit more attractive. He had an easy confidence, and in the water a way of making her feel like he was there for her without making her feel like a clumsy newb.

When they were done for the day, she joked "You can go down with me any time." He blushed, and then she did.

They chatted on the way back to his place. As they got to know each other, he turned from an image of a boring guy on the bulletin board to someone she could talk with, building trust and confidence in him, generally morphing into someone she could perhaps spend a bit more time with.

They returned to his house and changed. She used the gear closet again. She fumbled a bit and tore her bathing suit on a strong steel clip, obviously for heavy gear. Oh well, she had heard people often didn't wear anything under their wetsuits. She felt herself blush again.

She said she didn't want to make the drive home, and asked for a local hotel. He suggested one and checked for vacancy while she did her hair and makeup. They went out for nice dinner. The conversations grew more personal, but there was still the odd quiet intensity about why he liked diving so much, especially the gear side of it.

Somehow, they had chatted for over two hours. He told exciting stories of amazing dive trips, and she made him laugh with vivid descriptions of the trips and competitions when she was a cheerleader in high school.

He didn't drink because he had to drive her to her hotel, so neither did she. Still, there was a warm glow and a growing desire inside of her. This was not a buzzed college "In need a hook-up" feeling.

Looking into his eyes, she wondered if he felt the same. She threw caution to the wind and asked if she could stay with him for the night instead of the hotel.

"Yes, I would like that VERY much."

============================
Part 3, that's not a towel

When they got back to his place, he suggested they go into the pool and hot tub to relax and freshen up. She told him that she had torn her bathing suit, but instead of taking the hint, he offered her a couples suits that might fit her. He cautioned that they were a bit revealing. Confused, she assured him anything would be fine.

He left the room, and then came back with a towel around his waist. "I put them on the bed in my room. Feel free to change in there and grab a towel. Take all the time you need."

There were two small piles on the bed. One was a basic (if skimpy) bikini. The other looked like a black shiny puddle. She picked it up.

Rubber! No. She thought back to the fashion magazines. Latex!

It was gossamer light, slightly slippery and felt like it had WD-40 on it, but it smelled wonderful. She held it up. Black. Cut a bit wide so that it would cover her butt, and with a zipper that ran from waist level in the back, down through the crotch, then up to... the chin( ! ? ! ? ). Actually there were two zipper pulls, opposite each other. It had a hood attached to it just like the wetsuit. An electric thrill went through her. She had to put it on.

She quickly stripped down. She stood in front of the full length mirror and opened the zipper part way down the front and slid the "suit" up her legs. She shrugged it over her arms and shoulders. It pulled the suit tight between her legs and she gasped. Now she noticed the darts making fitted cups in the front. She adjusted them around her boobs and zipped it up a little further. Looking into the mirror she felt sexy, but slightly embarrassed. It was totally over-the-top sexy from the neck down, and just her plain old self from the neck up. Nothing wrong with that, but cognitive dissonance was strong. She decided to look for a towel.

Looking around the room, she was surprised to see a couple of small scuba bottles next to a wardrobe. If that was dive gear, then the wardrobe was probably the place for the towels. She tugged it open and was almost floored with the intoxicating scent.

Far from towels, she saw latex. Suits, hoods, gloves, unidentifiable things neatly folded on shelves in tissue paper. She saw leather. Cuffs, collars, leashes... again other things with straps and buckles she could not quickly identify. And she saw masks... hoods with only eyes and or mouth openings, hoods with buckles next to the eyes and the mouth. It did not take much imagination for what those were for.

And most intriguing of all, she saw gas masks and full face diving masks. Her knees went weak, her breathing became shallow and fast, and her hands went into action. One caressing her nipples and rubbing the zipper against her clit, the other reaching for a mask.

She suddenly became aware of several things at once. She was in the house of a guy she had met only days ago, and he was obviously into really kinky stuff. She was looking into someone's private closet and seeing personal items. Finally, she was practically dripping juices down her legs with arousal because everything she saw in that wardrobe was a new but intense kind of arousal for her. And... she HAD to cum.

She picked a mask with large eye windows and hoses draped from the front. It looks like an insect, and she envisioned eating her mate after sex. And that thought was hot. She felt almost intoxicated, out of control of her own passions.

With resolve, she moved to the end of the bed where she could see the mirror. She still saw the dichotomy and a moment of embarrassment and doubt intruded. She pulled her hair back and raised the hood, pulling up the zipper to close it. Hmmm, much better. Now she looked like the kind of woman who could indulge her passions.

Pulling the second zipper slide down the back towards her ass opened the suit, and the cool air against her now damp skin brought shivers, and the vibration of the zipper seemed to connect directly to her clit eliciting a small moan.

One hand kneaded and teased and pinched her nipples which were now clearly standing out under the latex. The other pulled the zipper the rest of the way down and then up the front to her waist, releasing a small gush of her juices down her legs.

She watched her hands in the mirror, her fingers disappearing between swollen lips and swirling around her clit. The passion and excitement rose. Her gaze rose to her face, she wanted to see this sexual creature – but it was 99% there. But in the midst of the vision, it was her face staring back. Eyes dilated, lips parted and panting, but still the her that went to work every day, the her that had friends who may not understand this, the good and stable and normal her.

She tore her hands away from herself, and grabbed the mask. Putting it on was a lot like the mask for diving. She held it to her face and pulled the straps over the back of her head, sealing off the last of that normal her under the mask and the latex. Tightening the straps, she looked back into the mirror. There was what she wanted to see. A hot, sexy woman. Completely confident owning and indulging her own passions. No one could recognize her, no one could break the spell. The freedom and power of it all washed over her like a wave. And she was going to ride that wave.

Hands plunged back to their task. Her breathing now sounded mechanical, her moans muted. Fingers now probed deeper, trying to satisfy but somehow only making her aware of the void. She strained and pushed two then three fingers into herself. Gasps turned into groans turned into growels. The wave crested and crashed over her, stronger than she had ever felt. The mask freed her to scream out with passion, muffled as she was. It receded into deep wracking gasps.

It was amazing, it was liberating, it was an unapologetic demonstration of feminine sexual power. But it wasn't enough.

====================
Part 4 Oh, hello

The room came back into focus. The bed was wet. The eyes of the gasmask were slightly fogged up, clearing and clouding with each breath in and out. She still smelled the rubber, and her own juices. And then she saw him.

He stood off to one side. "I heard some noise, and knocked. I asked if you were OK. Then I heard you scream, muffled and distant, so I opened the door and saw you."

With the clouded eyes, she could not really see his expression, and with the hood over her ears there was little she could sense from his voice.

"Am I OK?"

She thought quickly and carefully about her next words.

"No. That was incredible, but I need more. I want you to fuck me, to fill me up, to reflect and compliment..."

"I want you to shut up. There is nothing you have to explain or justify." He dropped the towel. He was wearing latex shorts with a sheath in the front. A very tightly filled sheath standing almost straight out. He pulled on a mask attached to a hood. He zipped it closed and moved to her.

As they intertwined, another wave began to lift her. He plunged his cock into her, filling the void in exactly the way she desired. The breathing sounds of both of them through the gasmasks synched with their movements, pounding and gasping. She began to rub her clit again, quickly building to release. She screamed again, animalistic and uninhibited. Then again. Then AGAIN, but this time he stiffened and groaned, driving in as deeply as he could and throwing his head back.

They collapsed together on the bed. He took off his own hood and mask. He was sweating and panting still, eyes glistening with joy and excitement. Then he lifted her mask off like he was opening a precious gift. He caressed her cheek, running his hand from latex to skin and back, then kissed her gently.

"I didn't mean... I mean I didn't think this stuff... I mean, I didn't think you..."

He kissed her again gently on the lips. "You rarely know someone elses secrets. It takes all kinds."

Part 5 to follow



It takes all kinds Her side of the story
Again, perhaps slow for someone looking for just the hard core. This is talking about the sex and feelings rather than doing them.

Part 5 Everyone into the pool!

It ran again and again through her mind, "It takes all kinds." Obviously he was "that kind", and suddenly (and shockingly... and embarrassingly ) so was she!

He continued to kiss her again gently on the lips and ran his hand around the back of her head, tugging the latex so it buzzed like rubbing a balloon. The difference between this and a party balloon was this time was she could FEEL the buzzing across her head, the slight tugging of her hair by the latex, hear the sound from the inside. Along with the gentle kisses and the smells of latex and her own wetness, it was an intoxicating sensor experience. Not an overload like she had felt a few minutes before, but more like floating to the ground after being fired out of a cannon. She breathed deep satisfying lung-fulls of cool air, surrendering to and returning the kisses.

"Shall we go to the pool?"

The kisses had stopped. She floated down the last few inches to reality. This whole thing was going to require a lot more thought, but now was not that time. "Sure." Her voice sounded profoundly relaxed.

He got up and walked to the bathroom. There was a 6' tall shelf in plain sight with 10 or 12 huge beach towels on the bottom shelf, along with several bath sets in different colors above them. He picked on out and handed it to her.

"Oh, I wondered where they were." She grinned back. "I assume that this would be your preferred suit for me tonight?"

It was hit turn to grin. "An excellent guess. Please. Out through the slider to the water. I will bring us some drinks when I come out."

"You're not going to wear that? But I like you in it."

He laughed. "Just a quick rinse in the shower, it has become rather sticky inside."

She smiled to herself as she drew the zipper closed again.

It was a beautiful night. The yard was obviously quite private with thick, well maintained plantings above a rather high fence. Out here near the coast, the houses were not very close to each other, but she was rather sure she would be heard if she screamed "OH GOD, FUCK ME", even through the mask. That thought made her chuckle. She hadn't had a one night stand and a really good fuck since the finished college. At least STDs were not a risk so far.

She knifed into the water, rising to the top and crossing the pool with only a couple of strokes. The pool was a bit cool for lounging about with a frozen drink, it was excellent for swimming... and... other (aerobic?) activities. She imagined herself wrapped around him arms and legs again, and shivered. The suit was actually kind of amazing, a built in swim cap, sleek and tight. In the bluish light of the pool the contrast with her skin looked almost artistic.

She swam a couple more laps, more stretching and cooling that swimming, and hopped out to move to the hot tub. As she did, he walked out with a small cooler and a tray with a couple glasses. When he turned to close the slider, his butt cheeks glistened in the shiny smooth black. She looked forward to seeing the rest when he put down his burden. As he reached the hot tub, he crouched down, setting the cooler stuff on a low table. She could clearly see between his legs, and although not quite as filled and prominent as last time she noticed, it was a hot look.

He slid into the tub next to her. "God you look hot in that hood!" He put his hand behind her head, and kissed her. It was intended to be gentle, but she could feel his muscled trembling and hear him taking a deep quavering breath as their lips pressed softly. He let go, and turned to the table.

======================
Part 6, "That" kind

"First and foremost, cold water. I have still or sparkling. And a beer. I normally prefer wine or a cocktail, but after a dive, I find nothing fills the bill quite as well as a cold bottle of ale. I hope that's OK.

They sat back and relaxed a moment, sipping their drinks contemplatively.

"How about me first?" he asked.

She nodded.

"I was pretty shocked back in the room there. As you obviously realized, I am into some edgy stuff, but wanted to start politely and give you options. There can be consequences to revealing too much too soon. I genuinely didn't realize you were that kind, but hope springs eternal."

"There it was again" she thought. " 'That' kind."

"Actually, I'm not..." she started "that kind. I have never worn latex before, never worn a gas mask in that context, and certainly never dressed up in kinky shit that I found in someone else's room and got myself off sitting on their bed." She paused for a breath and a sip of her beer. "And I don't really understand what 'kind' you mean."

It kind of all came out in a rush, and the last bit sounded harsher than she intended.

He looked stunned. "But the mask... The orgasms... Asking me to fuck you without mentioning much less removing the mask or the hood." It was his turn to take advantage of the beer, taking a long slow swig.

She waited.

" 'That kind' is just a catch phrase for me. 'It takes all kinds' is really kind of my philosophy going through life. Take people for who and what they are."

"Seeing what I saw in there, recalling some of the double entendres from the dive today, I thought you liked latex, you liked gas masks, you were kinky and comfortable with it, and while not in anyone's face with your fetishes were happy to discover and kindred spirit."

=================
Part 7, it all comes out

She felt like it was her turn to say something. "I don't know if I can explain myself. It is going to take some time to process all this. Last night, when I tried on the wetsuit, it looked good. The blackest of black wrapped around my body, like a sexy alien creature. And while I always liked the smell of rubber, I found it a bit arousing." Another pause, another swig.

"I don't know... I had been working out and feeling pretty OK with my looks, and I was being bold and daring planning to go out with you for the dive, and even fantasized a bit about how you would find me totally sexy in the rubber suit and heels."

"Heels?"

"Not important" she paused "for now." She smiled and winked at him. "You are going to have to work your way up to that level."

He thought for just a moment and laughed. "Touche."

"The whole day, from walking out in my wetsuit, to your competence and generosity in taking me out diving. The sunlight streaming through the water, the click and hiss of our breaths. And you don't look half bad in a wetsuit either. It was a very sensual day all around."

"When I asked to spend the night, you didn't make assumptions. You picked up the check at dinner without a hint of what I would 'owe' you for it. I felt relaxed and safe enough to ask to spend the night with you. I haven't done that in years!"

"When I told you that I wanted to get in the pool but had torn my suit, you offered me another one instead of wanting to see me naked. That threw some water on the fire, but you were still so kind, and still pretty attractive. When I found the latex suit, the fire ROARED back inside of me, and took over. Not only was I attractive enough, but worth revealing your kink to me even knowing you would get some if you just kept it to yourself. I was sexy, and you wanted me to understand what made you feel that way."

"I put on the suit, and it felt and looked so sexy. I began to touch myself and then pulled up the hood. It felt incredible, and it make me look like someone who really understood how sexy and powerful she was. It was a very 'sexually liberated woman' moment. Then I got myself under control. I would walk out OWNING this suit, and blow your mind. And the night would go very well."

"But first I needed a towel. I saw the little tanks next to your wardrobe, so thought maybe you kept suits and towels in there. I opened the doors and promptly lost my mind along with any manner of self control. I started touching myself again and reality receded. I needed to see this creature satisfy herself. I grabbed a mask that seemed perfect to complete the sexy alien look."

" I sat on the edge of the bed, and watching 'her' in the mirror, then pulled the mask on. The hoses draped in front, muffling my moans while enhancing the sexy sound of my breathing. The rubber smell was intoxicating, and the hoses brought the scent of my own juices in as well. It was actually ME that was intoxicating!"

She paused for a breath, took the last swig of her beer, and looked him in the eye. "I believe you know the rest of it."



Rubber road trip, the first stop.
Welcome back to the (growing) world of BRRose and DiMaster. These are pet names for each other and pronounced like Rose but starting with a B, and d'master.

=======================

They were headed to Vancouver for the FETISH WEEKEND. They were making a slow drive of it, meeting like-minded people on the way up. It had been a couple months since the now infamous dive date. When just before she felt so sexy and naughty and weird for putting on her heels with a wetsuit.

She had fallen headlong into a new world. Before they met, she had laughed uncomfortably and slapped her ex-boyfriend's hand when he held out a pair of cheap fuzzy pink handcuffs in a novelty store.

THEN the dive date. She had learned and experienced so much. BDSM had been for predators and willing victims with no self esteem. Suddenly there was informed consent, safewords, being a SWITCH of all things. It was still scary, but more like a carnival thrill ride then life-threatening or being the victim of a sexual assault.

And now kink. Latex and heels and collars, the whole thing... and more. First in the bedroom. Then in the pool. THEN at local events. Finally, she started enjoying the looks she got in public. Sure there was an occasional crude remark or disapproving glance, but she felt sexy and feminine and good in her own skin, AND she enjoyed the effect she had on DiMaster.

DiMaster was an amazing partner. Because of some bad experiences with earlier relationship, he seemed shy but was really just patient and respectful. Whe she approached him to be a dive buddy, he was struck by her figure, her incredible eyes, and her warmth. He crossed his fingers that they may develop a relationship, but planned to gently introduce her to his world.

Her double entendres and smoothskin wetsuit shocked him in the best possible way, but he still didn't want to go too fast. To his great amazement, she went faster and further than some fetish play dates he had been on. Just to add one more shock to his system, she was actually new to the whole thing and had never done any of this before.

He guided her carefully into his world and his friends. Since like tends to find like, they were generally great people and welcomed her.

She had started a lurker account on FetLife with the incredibly creative name of BlackRubberRose. Latex, gasmasks, bondage... and being done by real people. But it was in his account, TheDiveMaster, that she was most active. He had "friends" all over the world, but unlike LinkedIn, these were people who corresponded. They shared pictures and videos, they met IN THE REAL WORLD! Truly "social network" stuff. She chatted regularly with several of them, and met a few in the greater LA area.

Now it was time to meet some out of town friends. gasmask995 and Dominique were a couple near Portland. The posted amazing videos and photos. Their profile showed how much they loved each other in every way. They were genuine, and welcomed BRRose warmly. Now they would meet in person, and maybe share a play session!

==================

They drove his car. Actually an SUV, with room for all sorts of "gear." She had her cute little convertible, but this trip was going to require a LOT more luggage than she usually travelled with. There may have been a bit of shopping going on over the last few weeks. The first stop was just into NorCal. They had drive up the coast.

She had teased him most of the morning in a little red latex skater skirt over well shined black latex panties that she had been flashing at him throughout the drive, a rather sheer silky blouse over what was obviously (to him) a black latex corset... and of course the CFM heels from their first real date date. She was romantic like that.

Just after lunch, she told him to take a turn off the highway. It was in Big Sur, and he seemed surprised at being taken off his carefully planned route and schedule. They drove a few miles into beautiful hills covered with sunny glades and dark forests under towering redwoods. They approached a private driveway. It was marked with red and black latex balloons. He grinned and felt a shiver of anticipation running through him. Per instructions, he turned in and stopped just in front of the gate. She gave him a code that he punched into an unobtrusive keypad and the gate swung open.

They pulled in and turned sharply behind a grove of trees that completely blocked the view of the gate and road beyond.

"Stop here for a moment."

She jumped out and opened the back. After a quick rustle in one of the bags, she returned to the drivers door. With a slightly evil grin, she handed him a latex hood. It was one of their favorites with buckles on the side for accessories. After putting it on, she produced a set of goggles. She attached them, and when she pulled them down he realized they were completely blacked out. She laughed and said "no peeking!"

The first of her surprises was now in action. She walked back to the luggage. She removed the skirt and blouse. The shiny black corset glistened in the sun. She put on a beautiful hood that had just arrived in time from Miss Kinky in Quebec. Another real person into kinky latex she "met" through FL, but this woman had turned it into a thriving business.

Next was the gloves. Opera length that couldn't be pulled up any higher. Her hands and arms looked like polished black glass. She pulled on a now favored MSA gasmask. It had the clear face shield this time because she wanted him to see her eyes as he made her cum. She grabbed a half mask respirator for him, a couple hoses for a "closer" experience for each other and finally the panties with the double sheath and toys to help put them in place for her and the shorts with one sheath in front for him.

As he waited in the darkness, his thoughts rolled back. It had been a whirlwind romance with kink. They joked about their dive date. Then she spent that night and the next, and the following weekend. It was a mad rush to experience everything the other had to offer.

After the second weekend, she insisted that he ask her out on a "real date." She wore a Fredrick's of Hollywood bustier with a blouse opened two buttons further down than she had ever worn it before. A tight but rich looking black skirt and 4" black patent heels completed the outfit. They had already started looking for latex for her to wear online but none had arrived yet.

He could not believe his luck. She was genuine, loving, caring. And she was kinky as hell. He loved her wicked but subtle sense of humor, willing to tease him mercilessly, and then make good on implications when they got home. She had all but moved in with him, but kept her apartment for the sense of independence it gave her. She slept their on a not irregular basis, telling him "How am you supposed to miss me when I never go away."

When they went to fetish events, she made him feel like the prince at the royal ball, with the most incredible woman on his arm (and other parts if they played that way). They and spent a small fortune on outfits for her, each looking better than the last. She also started asking him to wear certain things she enjoyed seeing him in. The crunch of her footsteps approaching returned him to the present.

She walked back to the driver's door. She pulled the blackout lens covers off his goggles with one hand and reached into his crotch with the other. His eyes widened and he smiled as he focused on her. Fondling his quickly hardening dick, she said "Surprise Fuck!" When she let go, he got out of the car and started to reach for her.

==================

"Not yet, put these on." He smiled when he saw what she had. He quickly stripped down and pulled on the shorts. It was a bit of a struggle to get them in place, but she was more than willing to help. With the shorts in place she buckled the respirator across his mouth and nose. She buckled a wide heavy rubber collar around his neck and attached a chain leash to the D-ring in front, completing the look she wanted.

"Back in the car and drive where I tell you to go." He all but jumped to it with great anticipation. They drove a few hundred yards further back and emerged in an immaculate grassy meadow. The sun shined on a beautiful pool with lounges around it and further behind was a large pond with spots of light and shade. "Park over by the pool house."

They got out of the car, and she guided him to a large lounge laid flat. It was in the sun, but the NorCal fog had done it's job and it was the perfect temperature even with the sun. She put her accessories on the lounge, pushed him into a chair and stood in front of another.

She felt thrills inside as she slowly (and seductively) slid off her panties. The outside was well shined but looked dull compared with the viscous coating left on the inside just from the anticipation. Sitting down, she spread her legs giving him a view he would definitely appreciate. It struck her as funny that his eyes were goggling behind goggles.

She was at the perfect angle to the sun, and could feel the warmth on her skin everywhere but her pussy. It was already quite wet, and the slight breeze highlighted the contrast in feelings and made her shiver. His attention was riveted on her, and she smiled at him, then laughed because there was no way he could see it through the gasmask. She grabbed the new panties and pulled them slowly up her legs. The sheaths flopped and hung limply like deflated penises, but that would soon be remedied. She stood and smoothed them over her ass by reaching between her legs with both hands. Straightening up again, she ground heels of her palms deeply into her mons eliciting a groan that she was sure could be heard from the gasmask.

From the quickly shrinking pile of accessories, she grabbed a long corrugated hose. Looking straight into his eyes, she screwed the end of it into her exhaust port. Then she leaned forward and screwed the other end into his inhalation port. It would add some extra restriction to the air flow if he did not time his inhalation to her exhalation. She continued to watch him, and quickly their breathing feel into sync. Both were breathing quite deeply already!

Now time for the vibrating dildo and butt plug. These and the bottle of lube were the last items other than a couple small towels. She lubed both of them liberally and set the butt plug aside. Stopping to apply lube to her ass would break the spell, so she would start with the pussy and count on the juices leaking down and back to her anus. Actually, it was already happening.

She turned on the vibrator and played it over her clit through the latex. Her body responded with a gasp that turned into a groan and a tingle that stared there and ended up making her clench her fists and curl her toes. This was going to be good.

After a few minute of playing, she turned off the vibrations and added extra lube to the shaft of the toy, then grabbed the flaccid rubber sheath. It was quite the fascinating sight with one gloved hand holding the sheath connected to her crotch and the other wielding a dildo ready to plunge inside of her. She fitted one tip inside of the other and began to slowly work the latex up the dildo. After the first few inches, the tip of it began to part her lips. Another deep groan escaped and she looked into his eyes. They were LOCKED onto the action between her legs and his hands were gently stroking his now impressive erection through his own shining black sheath.

She swirled the tip around, up against her clit and separating the labia in a sort of rolling feeling back and forth. She pushed it in another inch. Her body was catching fire. There was an exquisite tensing between wanting to draw this out and tease and please her lover and just plunging it all the way in to grind against until she came. Teasing and pleasing won out, but just barely.

She watched him. Holding the dildo in an incredibly erotic imitation of him masturbating, she moved her hand in and out. She started quickly, well away from bumping it against her cervix. This was a lesson she had learned the hard way teasing him with one of those giant double ended dildos.

She was building quickly towards orgasm, and her movements slowed as it went deeper and deeper. Waves of pleasure flowed through her and she gaped and growled in pleasure. Not a huge orgasm, that would be later, but certainly a good start.

After the world came back into focus, she carefully twisted and coaxed the dildo free of it's rubber cover, leaving the sheath in place but she felt sadly empty.

================

She mostly repeated her actions, but this time with the rear sheath. She slouched down and hooked her knees over the arms of the chair to help with the more awkward angle. This was more goal oriented and the tip was quickly worked into place pressing against her anus. She locked eyes with him, then closed her eyes with a deep breath and began to push.

There was more than enough lubrication inside of panties. The tip felt larger than it looked and there was some clenching of her sphincter. She focused on her feelings and the dildo head suddenly slipped in past the first ring of muscle. Another moment of focus and it was in. There was always a bit of tension in this moment, and she realized she had been holding her breath. She exhaled and pushed it in deeper. It was easy now, and comfortable in it's own way. Not quite like being fucked in the pussy, but sexy and exciting in a kinky and naughty sort of way. She began to feel filled again as she reached the extent of the sheath.

After a moment to take in and enjoy the feelings, she again coaxed it out leaving the sheath in place.

She put down the dildo and grabbed the butt plug. It was much shorter than the dildo but wider. From it's maximum girth, it tapered to the top. It the other direction, it narrowed then widened to a a gentle T shape that nestled nicely between her cheeks. She lubed it up a bit and leaned back to line everything up. Again, that moment of tension, but this time as she relaxed and let it slide in it continued to stretch her open, right on the edge of painful in a wonderful kinky way.

Her anus stretched further and further, and she began to feel it filling her but it was still not completely in. She inhaled and pushed it in a bit more. It stretched her a bit further. Another breath, another push. That moment of tension, would it fit or split her in two? The fear/excitement and pain/pleasure of all of this was pushing her again towards orgasm.

Another breath and it moved past the maximum girth. Her sphincter contracted with relief but at the same time drove the plug in deeper. NOW she was feeling it.

It was time. He looked at her desperately, wanting her so badly. It made her feel powerful and sexy and even more excited. She stood up and grabbed the leash. She moved to the lounge and laid back, pulling him between her now raised legs and on top of her.

"Fuck me NOW" she demanded.

He didn't need to be told twice. He pinned her down with one hand in the middle of her chest and lined up his throbbing cock with the other. He slammed his hips into hers and she felt his cock slide into place. Between that and the butt plug she felt filled to the bursting point.

This time, they groaned in sync. He moved his hips back and thrust again, more slowly this time. He was gaining control of himself as she was loosing it. The feeling was incredible.

It filled her mind and her senses. The feeling of the latex corset squeezing her above the fullness of the toy enhancing his cock driving into her. His weight and power holding her in place. The hood and gasmask squeezing her head and dulling some of her senses causing the other to shift into overdrive. The synchronicity of their breath, their very life essence, her breath out becoming his breath in.

The orgasm hit like the beginning of a fast roller coaster. It raised her up and threw her over the edge. He kept thrusting into her, increasing the tempo. Like a roller coaster, it suddenly came on her again, rushing her up and throwing her over the edge again. Finally a long sweeping arc of excitement and she lost all control. Her senses were jumbled, her legs clenched around him, her gloved hands clawing at his back. She screamed and cried out in pleasure and abandon.

Reality re-emerged. She opened her eyes at looked into his. He focused on her intensely as he thrust faster and faster. Suddenly he pushed as far as he could, grinding his hips into her in an attempt to move deeper. His eyes rolled back and closed and he yelled.

"YOU ARE..." He withdrew and slammed in again hesitating and grinding. "SO FUCKING..." Again a withdrawal and powerful thrust. "HOOOoooo, ooo, o.o.o.t" It came out in three long syllables, his body spasming slight each time.

She felt another orgasm, or something very similar. Not the physical explosion, but a warm hug of clenching her pussy around his cock, the feeling of connection and completeness. It gripped her powerfully but let to a profound satisfaction.

He gently collapsed on top of her. She held him in her arms and legs. He still filled her but she could feel it moving out like the tide. Not quickly, but inevitably.

A few moments later he started to loosen the straps of her mask and she unbuckled his respirator and goggles. He kissed her sweaty face and lips, and wrapped his arms around her in a hug. They lay together in the sunshine breathing the cool fresh air.

=============================

The grabbed the towels and began to chat.

"How did you make this happen?"

"You know your buddy with the amazing gasmask collection? She knows a guy here and asked for a favor. The owner is rather kinky in his own right but very secretive about it since he is a high level executive. He offered it to us for the afternoon, and I accepted."

"I better watch myself, or could end up as DiSlave."

She feighed fright "Oh no, not that. I only want to take charge sometimes." She leaned back and propped her heels up and knees apart. "Would you mind helping?"

He smiled and reached towards her. As he got the base/handle of the plug into his grip, it tugged a bit and she gasped with pleasure.

"Gently please, I am still a bit sensitive"

He put his hand on her mons and pressed. She purred with pleasure. He began moving his hand to stroke her clit with broad firm pressure and she closed her eyes and put her head back. He pulled gently at the butt plug which began to stretch her anus again. She took a breath and prepared for it to come out, but he pushed it back in gently, sliding his thumb into the sheath still deep in her pussy. She responded with a tired groan of approval and he continued.

It pulled at her ass from the inside and stretched her anus wider, then slid back as his other hand pressed down above her clit through the latex and his thumb curled up inside to rub her G spot. This was yet another delightful discovery since they had met. He move slowly. Thumb in and out in time with the tug and relief at her ass. The pleasure began to build.

She melted into the moment and time seemed to slow. It may have been seconds or hours, but another orgasm washed over her. Again it was gently and slow and deeply satisfying. He had stopped moving.

"Are you good?" She nodded slowly. He held his hand against her crotch again, but this time in a supportive way, and slowly pulled out the plug.

It slowly stretched her just wide enough, then withdrew completely. She was empty again, but this time there was no sadness, only relaxation.



Later that evening...
They had cleaned up, taken a dip in the pool, and dressed to get back on the road. She put on all the same clothes, but clean panties. She attached the garter straps to the corset and pulled on her latex fishnets (a gift from an admirer). She basked in a warm glow of both deep sexual satisfaction and the the sun setting over the ocean.

As evening came on, she could feel the tension in him. Definitely excitement, definitely delight with her and the special afternoon stop, but something else as well. She could always feel it coming on in a guy she was with. A sort of tense aggression, the whole male rutting thing. In some relationships it was OK, and in some it was not. But with her diMaster, it was an opportunity.

They stopped at a beautiful and elegant hotel to check in for the night. Once the car door opened on her side; the parking attendants, then the bellmen (yes, more than one), then the doorman could not have been more helpful or attentive. She gave it the "giggle and wiggle" to both show her appreciation to them and to make sure diMaster noticed. He did, and the tension went up another notch in him. It was perfect.

The front desk was staffed by a delightful woman with a slight Mexican accent and a low voice, flowing black hair, a radiant smile, and sexy brown eyes. She appeared all business, but brRose could feel the glances at her linger just a bit too long. The men were not the only ones who were watching her show.

Once in the room, he turned towards her as expected. She suggested going down to the firepits in the courtyard for a glass of wine. He agreed, but she could see the reluctance, that he was thinking of something else entirely.

As they enjoyed the last of the day's colors, she teased him mercilessly. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, she stared deeply into his eyes, and watched his mouth as he spoke. He started to get a bit flustered... very out of character.

Finally, he suggested they return to the room. She agreed, and said "Settle the check and give me 5 minutes ahead of you to take care of some personal business." He agreed and started to get a slightly wicked grin.

"Then we can have dinner in the dining room. I hear the chef is amazing, and they have an actual certified sommelier to pair wines!" The smile froze into a grimace. She swayed off into the gathering darkness wiggling her ass at him.

There was not much time, and she knew what was to come, or rather who. She took off her blouse and skirt. She rummaged a bit and dropped a hood and ring gag on the edge of the bed, threw a pillow on the floor, and disappeared into the bathroom. On went a layer of her cheapest black eyeliner... the one that is guaranteed to run. Then the cheap but obscenely red lipstick that smears if you look at it sternly. It would soon be smeared around the base of his cock.

The door opened. She said "Let's hold off a bit on dinner."

He rounded the corner into the bedroom and saw her. Kneeling on a pillow, wearing the latex corset and panties, the latex fishnets and high heels. She had put on an open-faced hood and buckled one side of the ring gag to it, leaving the ring and other strap dangling.

"This afternoon was amazing, and you were perfect. I lost track of how many times I came. I am pretty much shot anywhere below my waist. Not sore exactly, but certainly wanting for nothing. My man, on the other hand, just came once. It is time to even things out."

"Drop your pants and do what you want. Don't touch me or tease me, just use me." She smiled. "That is my last word on the subject." She stretched her lips and gaped her mouth to fit the ring between her teeth. She buckled the strap securely into the other side.

"Oh you are going to regret saying that" he growled as he stepped in front of her and dropped his pants.

Surprisingly, his cock was already coming to life. She had been pretty rough on him with her comments down stairs.

He guided his cock into her mouth. She smelled a combination of the latex from her outfit and the masculine smell and taste of his cock.

He put his hands behind her head and pushed in as deeply as he could. He was not quite hard yet, but headed that way quickly. "Suck it... all the way back to your throat."

She tried to roll her head side to side, but his grip prevented it. "No trying to get away, I am taking everything you just offered."

It amused her that he misunderstood her intent, but things were going as planned. His cock continued to swell in her mouth and stiffen. He began to move her head back and forth slowly. Out about half way, then slowly in again to the back of her throat. Even though she liked it and expected it, she gagged a couple of times. When she did, his cock twitched and pushed just a bit further. He loved gagging her with his cock.

He was getting bit flushed and began to sweat. He was not thrusting very hard or fast, but his whole body was rigid with excitement. Almost like he was physically trying to constrain his passion.

He pulled his now hard cock from her mouth. It glistened with saliva and had a bright red ring of her lipstick smeared around the base and against his balls. She glanced into the mirror near the bed. The lipstick was nicely smeared and there was a single small teardrop pulling the mascara down. The masculine scent and taste were getting intense, and in spite of her earlier admonitions, a wetness was building up inside her.

She looked back up at him and he stared down with fire in his eyes. She bobbed her head slightly to catch the end of his cock in her mouth. There was now a drip on the end of it and a new taste on her tongue. Staring intensely into his eyes and doing her best not to blink, she leaned forward and relaxed her throat. It hit the back of her mouth and began to deflect down. She clinched and kind of coughed. She half blinked and redoubled the strength of her gaze, and then pushed her face further into his crotch.

The head of his cock accepted the new direction and slid down into her throat. Her head was forced forward, breaking the gaze. Her face pushed flat against him and he groaned. "Oh fuck yeh!"

He grabbed her head again, this time by the empty blindfold buckles. They made excellent handles for pulling in both directions. He increased his pace. His movement became more aggressive. The movements became faster and faster, his hips thrusting and her head pulled in to plunge his cock into her throat.

She could feel tears from her eyes and drool running from her mouth. She gagged occasionally and gasped for breath between thrusts. His masculine smell and taste filled her senses and his frenzied movements became a blur. She thrust one hand into her panties rubbing her clit, and awkwardly tried to hold and massage his balls as they slapped against her chin. Neither hand was particularly successful.

Time seemed to both rush forward toward the climax, and slow to a loop of repeated thrusts into her face. She knew that he both felt completely dominate and in control and at the same time was locked into the objective she had carefully planned and orchestrated.

His groans and gasps became ragged, and his dick became his weapon plunging again and again into the very core of his prey. Suddenly the movement stopped. His cock as deep in her throat as they could both achieve, it pulsed, pushing out his cum which she eagerly swallowed. Now she could grip his balls and held them, feeling the same pulsing rhythm that she felt in her throat. Gulp after gulp, unable to breath, she drained him. He pulled back and she gasped for breath, tasting his cum as the tip of his cock crossed her tongue and thrusting back in. The pulsations slowed, but drew his hips into sync. He pushed his cock in with purpose, and another pulse from it and his balls pumped into her. She continued to suck and swallow and gasp. His cock softened slightly and his movements calmed down. She took full advantage of it to look back up into his eyes, pushing her head forwards and swallowing what ever she could suck out of him.

He was flushed and sweaty on his face and in his crotch. "Oh god, stop with the tongue and throat already! I'm done cuming!"

She knew how sensitive he was after he came and was teasing him and driving him a bit crazy just like he did when he "forced" her to multiple orgasms. She smiled with her teary eyes. It was hard to actually smile around a ring gag and a mouth full of cock. She settled to just sucking gently as he returned to normal size. He let go of the buckle handles and she collapsed back onto her heels. She glanced at the mirror again.

A hot mess stared back at her. Her face completely framed by the black rubber of the hood, raising the contrast and focusing the attention on her face.

Eyes glistening with tears, black streaks from them down to her cheeks where they smeared from rubbing against his thighs. The lipstick was almost completely gone, remnants smeared across her cheeks and chin, and lurid bits remaining on her lips where the straps of the gag protected it. The drool poured from her mouth. Exactly what she wanted!

He wobbled back a couple steps and sat on the bed. Still panting, pants gathered around his ankles and smeared black mascara and red lipstick on his cock and thighs, he was no vision of poise and elegance either. But he had undergone a remarkable transformation. The aggressive vibe was completely gone. The constrained masculine strength and intense gaze had gone from slightly threatening to protective and unguarded. In just a few minutes, she had sucked all of these out of him along with a fair bit of semen, leaving him fulfilled and relaxed. A fair payment for the afternoon delights he had shared with her.

She watched him as she unbuckled the gag. Her jaw was a bit sore and she worked it back and forth and smacked her lips together trying to contain the drool. She smiled contentedly.

"I don't think we are fit to dine downstairs, why don't you order dinner from room service while I draw a bath and we will spend the evening together here."

He nodded his agreement. She stood and walked away from him to the bath, giving her hips just a little extra motion since she knew he was still looking at her.


Road trip day 2, from his perspective
Again, more story than porn. I will update which section you should jump to if you just want to read that. Enjoy!

=========================

They were headed into San Francisco that day. They were already close. He woke up amazingly refreshed. Sitting up to get room service, he looked at the detritus of the night before.

Hand towels with lipstick and mascara smears. He remembered her face when he had finished using her for his satisfaction (actually, who was using who?) and smiled broadly. Huge puffy robes discarded when exhaustion drove them from the patio fire pit to bed.
Through the bathroom door, latex. Stockings, gloves, a hood and various other bits, both his and hers. He had cleaned them in the shower and thrown them into the tub for polish, then hung them up before bed. The open "special suitcase" with CFM shoes and boots, bondage bits and pieces, sex toys, and of course latex all but spilling out onto the floor.

He glanced over at her sleeping peacefully and smiled again, wondering how he could have been so lucky. He called for coffee and got up to bag the latex items and pack the special suitcase.

They were going to stop in the City for time with friends and some pictures with an amazing photographer they had found on FL.

He dressed in his latex singlet. He thought it looked a bit strange on him, since he was certainly NOT one of those amazing models you see wearing them on the websites But she liked it... a lot. Black Doc Martin's completed the look for her, but to walk through the lobby he pulled on a pair of long jam-style shorts and a hoodie with the sleeves cut off. He thought he looked like a grown man trying to look like a skate punk, but again, she liked it.

He walked back past the bed to answer the knock at the door. She was awake and smiled at him. He brought inthe coffee tray and set it next to her on the bed. Pouring her a cup, he asked how she was doing.

"Well, my jaw is a bit sore, as are a couple other openings, but it's a good sore." She laughed then took the cup and smelled her coffee.

"If it's a good sore, maybe we should look for some paddles or crops in the City for you."

She looked up at him with mocking horror. "Suh." she drawled in a terrible southern belle accent "Ah you sayin' you would hit a woman... on her DERRIÈRE?"

"She would have to convince me it was really all right, but I could see my way clear to trying it out."

She assumed a Mona Lisa smile. "Perhaps we should."

Something about her answer worried him a bit and intrigued him a LOT.

"Want a blowjob before we hit the road?"

"Um... kinda, but you are not the only one who is a bit sore. But I truly appreciate the offer!"

She jumped to her knees, kissed him passionately and walked briskly away to get ready. He could not help but watch and smile.

She had made plans, including a shoot with a couple of really good photographers in the City. She put on fishnets, then HER singlet. Platform Doc Martin's and Wayfarers completed the look, but it was still a bit much for the lobby, so she added a tiny skater skirt and a white wool sweater.

=====================
As he drove into the city, Rose checked FL and email. They were meeting a couple friends at a kink-oriented coffee shop (because... San Francisco). Two of their friends had to cancel at the last minute but RockrGirl and Bob_OFet would make it. They parked and Rose took off her sweater. Even in the middle of summer, it was cool and foggy, but looked to be clearing up (again... San Francisco). They walked to the shop, and no one even gave them a second glance.

Then entered and immediately spotted their friends. He was wearing normal street clothes with the exception of a latex polo shirt with the Vandelay logo. He also had his camera bag, and would be tagging along during the afternoon and evening photoshoot. RockrGirl was wearing a beautiful (and expensive looking) black latex military style jacket with buckles from neck to waist, and a latex top hat with genuine german gag goggles. She pair the top with a very fitted pencil skirt, fishnets, and rubber Chuck's.

It was a combination kinky toy store and neighborhood coffee shop with a shelf of books and a shelf of board games. And somehow it all worked. They walked to the table. There were hugs all around and compliments on the ladies outfits. He was surprised to find out the coffee drinks were actually excellent. In spite of this being their first time meeting each other in person, they all connected and chatted for nearly two hour, ordering lunch as the noon hour passed.

Finally, he took Rose's hand and stood up. "This has been great, but we need to check in at our hotel and then get to the wharf to meet the photographer." They drove quickly to the hotel then caught a pedal cab down the Embarcadero to Pier 39.

This was no longer the central California coast, so DiMaster had left his jams and hoodie in the hotel room. They walked out through the lobby and on the street in their custom outfits, and the only attention he noticed were from an obviously gay couple who said his ass looked amazing (Rose nodded enthusiastically) and several guys checking Rose our surreptitiously.

His backpack had some gas masks and gloves that were going to be accessories for some of the pictures. They met the photographer, and the rest of the day was a whirlwind of famous landmarks, cable car rides, and latex and fetish stores. It was nearly dark and the fog was rolling in by the time they took their last shots in the sunset light at the Golden Gate bridge.

They returned to their room to freshen up and change. They had big plans for dinner and the night.

======================

Rose had borrowed an amazing latex dress, opera gloves, and a fascinator from RockrGirl. But first the foundation. She put out a special outfit for DiMaster. Black latex stockings, a classic looking black latex garter belt, a black latex bra, and finally the black latex panties. She had considered the pair with the double sheath, but went for a more elegant g-string style. Oh, and the CFM heeled pumps. The ones she had tried on with her wetsuit the night before they met. How things had changed.

Then she stripped down and walked into the bathroom to join him in the shower. He had just finished up and stepped out leaving it at the perfect temperature. She fondled his cock as she past him and heard a slight groan.

As she stepped under the water, the strong hot threads of water crossed her body like lasers and a couple went directly over her nipples. It was her turn to groan a bit. She cradled her breasts and began to knead them while pinching each of her nipples between her thumbs and index fingers.

From outside the shower she heard "This isn't play time, especially without me in there with you! We have dinner reservations."

"Well, I could open the door and you could watch, or you could come in and help me."

"You want hard nipples? I may just dump some of the melted ice water from the drink cooler over the top of the door."

She took that threat seriously. She held one breast in her hands and squeezed slightly to make the nipple point straight out. In the steam coating the glass door, she wrote O K and drew a little frowny face. "Your loss" she said in her pouty voice.